## Problem 7: 10,001st Prime Number

The problem is relatively straightforward, it asks what the 10,001st prime number is. Since there isn't really a formula or a pattern we can exploit, we will have to use brute force (in a smart way). Therefore, the strategy that's being used involves checking for primes until we find the 10,001st one. First, we note that the fastest way to know if a number is prime is to find it's square root, and then check if the number is divisible by any prime that's smaller than its square root. Thus, we would want to keep an array of primes that we can use for this purpose. We could further utilize this array by adding every prime we find into it until it has 10,001 primes. This is the approach that our algorithm takes. To make it faster however, we implement the following:
1. The array used for our primes is a list, and the primes are stored in ascending order. That way, smaller primes are checked first to see if they divide the number in question, breaking the loop if they do. Since smaller primes have more multiples, this approach disqualifies the most numbers as quickly as possible. Using a list also lets us easily access the last prime, which would be the 10,001st prime.
2. While dividing a given number by primes less than its square root, the algorithm first checks if the next prime is larger than the square root of that number, breaking the loop should that be the case. Since the list of primes is organized in ascending order, the moment a prime that's larger than the square root of our given number shows up, we know that all other primes are larger than the square root of our number, thus we can break the loop right there.

Run Time = 0.1 seconds